I'm gonna start cuz I have some
questions for you guys
okay is this recording us yeah right now
screaming and no your hands okay so good
yeah you're good okay so hi uh I'm going
to be asking my ads some questions
though this is really weird just talking
to a camera okay so um I'm going to ask
them about little pet shops and what
they think about it LPS - and what was
that face I talk fast so there's this
thing called LPS community which is LPS
tube and you know what you know what it
is because I do it right yes yeah okay
yeah yeah so people trade LPS on LPS
tube and they give out their address and
Skyy okay so people give out their
address to trade people and they get
scammed do you think that's people
should do that they're little kids
getting it giving out their address no
that's so dangerous
okay you don't do that do you no I do
not do that do you promise yeah you
can't talk that way what is up with your
holding you're like that's what I said
it was there a second time
right righty-tighty all right like
they're nine years old and they're
giving out their address and their
parents allow this
some of them say we're the parents oh
that was my question
you're supposed to move I know no I
didn't know oh do you know - you know
the PIO boxes right yes they do okay I
do thank you where people will send fan
fan mail and stuff and my mom won't let
me so what do you think because some of
it can be Dane don't want to do it but
because of law then why would she say
you can't do it if you didn't want to do
well I kind of do because hook PA mail
wait a minute you want to send somebody
female you well yeah but my mom said
that I wouldn't be able to I would do I
think I could if it was like really far
away is this like a way that you want to
ask us to do it for you what no okay
this is probably the last question
because you guys can't take me seriously
this this pet is a generation to pet
okay so there's different generations
and people get really mad and they're
like protest because this is what they
look like now okay do you think they're
ugly
that's generation what for oh I didn't I
don't have generation thing my like
generation - yeah and because people
what are you doing this but but people
get really mad cuz this is what they
look like now yeah cuz they're kind of
the huts are way too baby yeah I yeah
yeah the eyes are weird and like you can
put a DS weird to it it's generally thin
that's too big for the body and then you
can like much stuff
but is that it earrings really I made
this out of an old earring
I'm kidding
I made this these are big ya know so did
you want us to talk to your mom but Pio
back no I was just saying that people
will let people send fan mail and I
can't just said fan mail like on sale
well you can't send a LITTLEST PET SHOP
to the Internet
I mean you can't do like a thing where
you can set up a thing where they could
just I don't know how that would work
yeah you know like how you have a
Facebook or whatever they could go to a
Facebook and they could just send you
something that way yeah but they
wouldn't it wouldn't be to my address it
would be to someone you know about yeah
I don't think that would hurt anything I
know but my mom doesn't because I would
do it like I'm not going to say where
you guys live because then if something
did happen they wouldn't know where I
was so in other words what she wants to
send it to put it in his name like from
the ash from blowing up
ashin that was a stupid joke nope I
think I just got all right I think of do
you want to ask me any questions yeah
why are you the star of the show
stop having Parkinson's and why are you
cuter than I am it's not fair
well you look pretty pale they're all
giving me a death death go stare okay
yeah outro whatever the what all turn
outro outro yeah do you not do you not
know anything you know what this is the
last time I work for you you don't give
me any sparkles what I don't give them
sparkles
I saw you painted somebody ok
alright we have to say goodbye say bye
bye it was nice meeting everyone yeah
yeah ok you're the next one we do I have
to do one